hola
my name is Oscar Melendez and I will
achieve the villas at El Dorado Maroma I
will look all the information that we
provide to our guests and a key part of
that information is our sustainability
program or a passion for sustainability
we offer to August a catalog of nearby
archaeological sites that they can visit
during their stay as an alternative
activity this catalog is complemented
with a local flora and fauna inventory
some other important port information in
our program is that we help local Mayan
communities by selling the imagine gem
that they produce we are proud to say
that we encourage all our guests to
respect preserve and protect local
beliefs and also we leave them to the
best behavior possible in protection of
our local communities a natural
ecosystem by explaining to them they get
a code of conduct for tourists and
visitors which is available at each
concerns gazebo one of the most
important initiatives that we promote
among our guests is a total adoption
program operated by our hotels with the
technical collaboration of flora and
fauna of Mexico through this program our
guests have the chance to have part of
the marine turtle conservation program
by adopting a turtle
helping us to preserve this endangered
species not only other properties but on
public beaches of the container estate
inside the rooms we advertise all our
sustainable practices at the hotel in
channel number 6 where all the
improvements and additions are shown in
videos to make guests conscious and
willing to participate with us this
information is updated frequently as we
move forward with our passion for
sustainability we're working every day
to make this program alive
with the stab owners guests and
suppliers it is been a pleasure for me
to have all this time to talk about what
we do every day these practices are part
of our common they help us to achieve
goals for example to protect our local
communities to preserve our culture and
support business development but the
most important they help us to put
together the best service of quality
that you deserve
hola my name is lucy Menezes and i'm the
training manager at el dorado Maroma
we train our personnel in order to get
their integration in our hotel and as
part of this integration we carry out
our induction program where they have
the opportunity to lead in contact with
our hotel our company our standards our
values and of course our repression for
sustainability program where our staff
takes a tour around the hotel and go
into the different areas where we
explained the products and actions we
take into account in order to reduce our
impact on the environment
one of the important things is the fact
that we press persuade them to take
these programs to their homes and share
them with their families as part of this
program we also take our staff to our
recycling center
so that you learned the importance of
reducing reusing and recycling waste
such as plastic hands and so on then we
go to our hotel laundry explaining that
the staff needs to know the components
of the chemical products before they use
them in order to avoid accidents in a
few words these are some of the
practices with we do with our staff we
encourage them to have passion passion
for sustainability passion for all what
we do thank you
excellently hello everybody I'm Danielle
I'm the head butler here at Eldorado
Maroma as part of our sustainability
program we have some activities that we
basically let our guests know and for
example if you see we have those pins
talking about the commitment that will
help the environment okay so mine is
talking about waste management so
basically we let the people know how we
can take care a little bit about the
environment okay so thank you very much
this is a lot of aroma and medicine